Us.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Nicole Bacon: My parents decided to come
Nicole Bacon: Right at the same moment.
Nicole Bacon: Here with you. I don't think I'm gonna
Nicole Bacon: I don't think oh right heart going
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I'll tell him you're here.
Nicole Bacon: I think next time I don't think I'm gonna house it. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: All right, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: It's I could feel like triggers. You know, I had a couple
Nicole Bacon: Triggers, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that's smart. Look, you're, you're starting to pay attention to it. And that's a, that's a self protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like hearing that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not but not that you're triggered obviously
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your awareness of it can be useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hello how triggered. Are you right now. Like how activated, you're kind of hustling and bustling around
Nicole Bacon: Right. Is that a better I level.
Nicole Bacon: Uh huh. Okay, I'm about a four okay okay right so makes going a little bit, but I'm like
Nicole Bacon: Just
Nicole Bacon: So really beaching
Nicole Bacon: Not gonna do this next time because last night.
Nicole Bacon: It was the same thing about let the cat in over and over again because my mom's watching the camera. Oh, I can't sleep cuz the green camera keeps going off.
Nicole Bacon: And only needs to come in. And so basically like I'm out, you know, hanging out with my sober friend Lucas and she's you know they want to be controlling I that's what I
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm confused. You could not sleep because the ring was going off or they couldn't sleep.
Nicole Bacon: My mom couldn't sleep. That's what she said. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is this ring and video you install
Nicole Bacon: No, they installed it on to their house that and I'm housesitting all the animals right now in Santa Fe.
Nicole Bacon: So, this happened last time where my mom got really intense like let Odin in now through text well and it happened again so not as intense but the same pattern.
Nicole Bacon: It's strange.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been. I've been thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom right the relationship with her and I want it. Can I ask you a few questions just to find out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she ever say things that
Gwenevere Abriel: Annihilate. In other words, no, that's the wrong word, how do I say I'm deny your reality. So if you say
Nicole Bacon: All the time. All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a story a little one. So I see for saying the same thing.
Nicole Bacon: As well. The big thing was the thing that's going on with my skin that it's a little that's called merge Ellen's disease and she she thinks it's all in my head.
Nicole Bacon: And then if if it's if I'm telling her something that she's either not interested in or doesn't understand, she just goes yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah like my mom. Did you even hear what I said, Yeah, something about that, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that's I'm a lack of atonement and we've kind of talked about the sheet herself dissociate.
Nicole Bacon: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: A little different than what I'm asking. Can I keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking questions. Okay. We just kind of keep asking some questions. So let's say you go to a dinner at someone's house and
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone says something
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's an exchange between you and your mom and she says something to you and you say, oh, that hurt my feelings or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then later on. You come back to it the next day and you say, Yeah, Mom, can we finish talking about what happened yesterday and she says, What are you talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no idea what you're talking about. That's what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say denies your reality.
Nicole Bacon: Denies my reality. Right. Um, I feel like sometimes yes definitely that happens in varying degrees and amounts
Nicole Bacon: And I guess I could
Nicole Bacon: You know, rewarding the question a little bit more like I'm trying to think of a specific example.
Nicole Bacon: I guess what's coming to mind is like kind of a supernatural phenomenon that has happened to me and she I can't talk about anything like that around her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that. So you just gave me two that have to do with I not believe, which is not the same thing as we were both there you can see the lights went on and off. That's different. So let's, I'm going to sort of shift gears a little bit and kind of left
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go to what
Gwenevere Abriel: What triggers happened to you last 24 hours talk more about that.
Nicole Bacon: And why so last night was the biggest one.
Nicole Bacon: I was told, three times to let Odin, in which is the youngest cat. And that's because ever since my parents installed this ring camera outside of the garage. My mom's been really intense about it and watching and
Nicole Bacon: Being a detective my both my parents, kind of like being little detectives. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it. What's a trigger for WHAT'S IT what is IT triggering
Nicole Bacon: When there's movement when there's movement and it rings on the
Nicole Bacon: The phone over and over again. So the cat was outside late at night and my mom doesn't want him to stay out late and so so that
Nicole Bacon: And then also
Nicole Bacon: Oh, this is what really triggered me my grandma. OK. OK, so my mom asked me to take my grandma.
Nicole Bacon: Yesterday morning to get her blood work done right. I said what time. Okay, great. I get up.
Nicole Bacon: I call my grandma Grandma You ready I'm I'm about to leave to go get you to take you and she's like, Oh, no, no, it's okay. You know, it's just around the corner, but just tell just tell your mom that you did.
Nicole Bacon: And I'm like,
Nicole Bacon: Are you sure like what I'm about to go get you and I didn't tell her. At that moment, but later when I visited that she put me in a really weird position to lie to my to say to lie to my mom and I didn't want to lie to my mom, so I kind of
Nicole Bacon: neglected her texts about how's how's gramma gramma until later when I had time to actually call her on the phone and explain the whole situation that I felt like monkey in the middle.
Nicole Bacon: So these like stressors that I that
Nicole Bacon: I guess just family stressors. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're a trigger for what
Nicole Bacon: A trigger for what stress.
Nicole Bacon: Okay wait trigger for what so
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's my question. So, rewind. I'm not going to stay house in anymore. I've been triggered. So my question is triggering what
Nicole Bacon: Oh, triggering stress triggering like I want to use, you know, when I say triggers that
Nicole Bacon: stressors that I still have a
Nicole Bacon: Don't have full capacity to coping skills without my mind going there a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm still going to ask the question, no I of course that's what I guess. But I'm going to still play stupid and I'm going to ask you what you need, because I don't want to make any assumptions about it.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay. I didn't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
I'm going to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You told a very similar story that you told yesterday. Do you know that you told me that story yesterday with a slight adjustment.
No. You're kidding.
Nicole Bacon: I've had a really hard time sleeping like I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, yeah. Because you literally started the session yesterday with the same exact story.
Nicole Bacon: Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking. Look, I'll read it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client reported this morning. Mom asked me to take ground to get blood test the grandma said she could do it herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom is asking how his mom, I told her I would go later. I want to feel better. Take Black elderberry and go over there. Mom sees the camera. Anyway, Grandma put me in a weird position.
Gwenevere Abriel: You right like you completely forgot
Nicole Bacon: Right. But then I I went to see my grandma later.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I talk to you and then I talked to my mom later after I talked to
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the new part
Gwenevere Abriel: You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Not to tell your mom. I feel like monkey in the middle, that's a metaphor was that effective with her that metaphor.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes, she said.
Nicole Bacon: That my grandma shouldn't be asking me to lie to her. That's not okay. And she would talk to her about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that like to address a process interaction with your mom to to address something that made you feel weird and uncomfortable.
Nicole Bacon: Um, yeah. Way better just to be direct and I actually want to try to instead of texting. Just call and, if possible, talking person because there's just so much miscommunication that can happen.
Nicole Bacon: And I wasted time and energy. I feel like, you know,
Nicole Bacon: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple of things, she said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Felt stress from being monitored and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, almost like your, your assessment of whether to bring the cat in or not you've got someone constantly telling you to go do something. You're the one that's how sitting so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. This is causing you to want to use. So for you, right, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you identified. Oh, I don't think I have the coping.
Nicole Bacon: Skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't write it exactly down, but there was some mention of I don't quite have all the coping skills I need for it. I'm not going to house it anymore.
Nicole Bacon: Not for the time being, or I need to at least have a conversation with my mom say and say, Hey, Mom.
Nicole Bacon: You know, if you had someone else how sitting, you wouldn't be micromanaging them and I don't appreciate it and I don't really know where that's coming from and it feels just like a controlling energy and I'm trying to see it as
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, my parents really really care. And I appreciate that. But you know, I think it's her, you know, projecting oh the cat. The cat when she's actually is worried about me being out late, even though I'm an adult. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that what you just said there's a lot to unpack in there. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the most interesting piece of what you just said. What's the most interesting piece for you.
Nicole Bacon: Oh,
Nicole Bacon: My mind's kind of going to another place. Actually, I'm a little stressed. So I wanted to talk to you about a new roommate situation and kind of how to navigate that that that's what's like I'm about to write send her the lease and I met her, and
Nicole Bacon: I'm nervous about it and I just
Nicole Bacon: Want to feel good going into it. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Living with her, or just talking with her feel good. What's the event. I want to feel good.
Nicole Bacon: Feel good
Nicole Bacon: About making sure that my boundaries are are
Nicole Bacon: In place because I have noticed that
Nicole Bacon: If I'm too nice off the bat. It kind of seems like I
Nicole Bacon: Kind of
Nicole Bacon: What's the word
Gwenevere Abriel: set a precedent.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes, set a precedent. I don't want to do that, I want to have mutual respect and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we'll do, we'll talk about boundaries full on that pull up a poster for you. Welcome to take a picture of it will also get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said, navigating it maybe this is how I can put things out. These are predictable things that you've seen living with other people. Maybe I'll put them out there and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I'm comfortable with. Are you going to be comfortable with this might be a good time to talk about it. Now, before we right so we can get some real specific content.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's first let's do a little bit of weather. Let's define our terms because
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you saw a little bit of my naming a boundary violation yesterday. And that was just from someone unloading on you. So I have a pretty wide definition of what a boundary is, I wouldn't. Let's just make sure we're using the same term somebody pull something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. And I haven't forgotten about the sleep you're taking it and I'll Prowse Alam I believe it's a benzo about a half a milligram at night that should be getting you snooze. He. Why is it not, what's a you purposely staying up late and what can you do to make a change.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I have been purposely staying up late because I have this whole goal List of getting organized while I'm here.
Nicole Bacon: And that's
Nicole Bacon: I've been working on that for like years but
Nicole Bacon: I guess I'm putting too much on my plate right now and that's
Nicole Bacon: Okay, that's me, forcing myself and then not taking my medication to go to bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I wrote a note goal list too much on plate. I'm gonna I'm gonna come back to that.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundaries boundaries. It's all about boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all trees look we just talked about boundaries of bond we talked about with Grandma with yourself, your own boundaries of, how do I balance self care versus achievement. I mean it's bad or down.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your boundary boundary
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't get enough of that learning curve in there. It's just so important.
Nicole Bacon: So are there like 40 names of different boundaries or a
Gwenevere Abriel: List isn't quite that long. That's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm gonna be here on boundary man all day. I know I want to know. I want to know.
Nicole Bacon: Because I didn't learn that growing up on either side of the family. Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of us do. I think this is my revised version. It's number. Let me see if it opens up. Yeah, we'll do this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was when I got a number here. This way you can call it a number. You can take a screenshot of it to
Nicole Bacon: Send them once. Let me get it right in there. Okay, I'll see this lines all funky. Okay, what did I do
This one up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello there. I think I just moved it up. It's a little better. So you know I typed it based on this other thing. I have. So it's not quite as pretty but darn helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah, yeah. I think what I can see, I must have done a group activity on it because I can see I said rank from zero to five, I'll probably you'll probably run across me doing this again in a group, someday through there and one but so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just take the first one. Let's go to healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so really key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you can say no. I should probably put those in quotes, but you could see it better. I bet you can say now and you can say yes. And you're okay when others say no to you that is healthy.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel just sick stomach. You want to throw up and your hardest racing and you just you're mortified. Like, I can't do it. I can't say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's, that's an area that that we need to work on. So an unhealthy over on the right under the second column is you can't say no because
Gwenevere Abriel: conscious or unconscious and I wish this was a big enough piece of paper. I could write that you are afraid of rejection or abandonment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Underneath at all. We are oftentimes we are run by our fear of these big pieces my resources support acceptance and love will be at stake. If I say no.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it holds us hostage and as an adult, we have to set ourselves free from that and we do it in these small ways like like you did with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't be afraid no longer can I be afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: To speak my truth in fear of confrontation.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what's going on and mixed message with Grandma, this, this thing that's going on. I've got to be able to talk and not live in fear. This is key. Just number one, easier said than done short little sentence very hard to do for many people.
Nicole Bacon: I feel like it's, you know, learning how to grow up to, because you know before I I feel like I just go with the flow and try not to disrupt things and be like, he have like evil Nicole and now I'm just like, no, yeah, no. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're going to be in tomorrow's group right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So you're going to see. Hold on. What you just said, He that one.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that when you see this list tomorrow on that I'm doing unless the group goes into another direction which is always welcome to do a fit. There's something sort of pressing for someone. But if it
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's on task. You're going to be like, Oh, I see myself on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, okay so numero DOS is
Gwenevere Abriel: Healthy over here. Let's go healthy. Let's go. I'll highlight in blue, healthy, you have a strong sense of who you are right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you respect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know who I am. This is immovable
Gwenevere Abriel: I know who I am. It's not subject to the winds of change right I stand for something, so I do not fall for anything if
Nicole Bacon: You see it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you're in that stage right now that you're your time, you're a young person this is this is the timing on this is good for you to be really solidifying it so you're right on time for that. So even if this addiction wasn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on time for you've had some some mistake. Maybe teaching opportunities that you're there to be learning who you are, what you stand for what you won't budge from
Gwenevere Abriel: Very oh what's going on.
With missy.
Nicole Bacon: I'm just trying not to go to the places I've wasted so much
Nicole Bacon: Time that it could have been growing and learning. No.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work I I've seen people try to shame induction to whip and beat punishments lead let that be the thing that motivates it won't work for you. It just won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Just unconditional love and acceptance apps, what's going to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the nourishment of growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work regret, it's useful right in the crisis of a trigger. Like, I'm just about to use no REMEMBER YOU DIDN'T GROW during those years okay it's handy. Then, but not not now.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but she crushed it you touch the gravity of it, the intensity of it. It's right there for you. And you can use that
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're thinking of using you can grab that thought. Right. That's when you need to remember. So I'm not saying throw out the whole thing. But when it's time to lean into your own potential of what's possible.
Nicole Bacon: You don't have to feel bad if you don't want to that you don't have to do that one. Right. And also, I've been
Nicole Bacon: Really trying to let go of my story of I'm a victim or I'm a martyr, or I'm my hero. And like the merry go round of being stuck in one of those roles and just letting go of any story that I tell
Nicole Bacon: And just be me and not have to prove or try to say this is my story. SO YOU MAKE SENSE OF ME OR
Gwenevere Abriel: That's me when I like that trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you go make sense of me. This is my deal that's, that's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hang on to that but but just notice that the topic was identity.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what just brought those tears.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be a bit of unraveling for a little while, as we've worked together because you're letting go. You might be grieving the story that you attach to for so long.
Nicole Bacon: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so we're going to cry. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to cry because, well, this is the future is unknown, and what will I be without that story.
Nicole Bacon: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have faith. I know that you will be there and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's exciting because once you really get that the story is I'm brand new EACH DAY I GET TO PAY ATTENTION. That's why am I attend to what I want. Today I really with intention wake up and I'm like, Well, I'm feeling ambitious, I'm gonna get some stuff done, and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I am today.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and I've been happier, like, you know, letting go and just
Nicole Bacon: Being this like a blank slate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. And the happier state the store.
Gwenevere Abriel: story goes, but the atonement. The staying in touch with the changes in you, you write is important that you that the thing that hopefully is coming into places I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I want
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the story and it's different every minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can hold on to those phrases and it brings you right back. Well, what are they, I am tired. I want a nap. I'm feeling grumpy. I'm not such good company guys like I'm if I bite your head off. I'm sorry. I'm super grumpy irritable haven't had much sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am in touch with myself. I love myself I'm someone who pays attention. What if that's the new what if those stories are starting to develop
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's exciting that
Gwenevere Abriel: is scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right. I don't know what your story is the victim. The martyr like
Gwenevere Abriel: Help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it always goes back to, oh, I lost my life and when
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative, right, the unhealthy version, let's look here.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you see yourself in here, your identity consists of what you think others want you to think
Nicole Bacon: Yay total shapeshifter over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amelia shapeshifter that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right and and don't be fooled. This is a skill you can use it, use it to. You don't have to throw it away. Don't add shame to the pot. It has to do with you, adapted it for a reason was there to keep you alive. You can just give it a nice little blessing of gratitude and
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to find another another skill to use. Okay. That one's played out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're depleted. I'm guessing feeling kind of this emptiness.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sometimes we're givers gift gift gift. Sometimes we're takers, and we need to read what's the need for me right now. What's my need I've got this state of abundance
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have plenty and I have to give. Why then it's hello at the supermarket and it's, Can I carry that for you. And it's all of that. And on another day. It's, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I call someone and say what's up when she doing, and I reach out sometimes I'm a taker. Sometimes I'm a giver again. How am I feeling. What do I need right now. What am I, resources, but there's no label of bad on any of it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number trace. Let's take a look at number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh god, you expect reciprocity in relationship and you share responsibility and power such a timeline of how few words are in this. Look how powerful that is I'm just blown away with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what reciprocity is it's a cool word
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I'm balancing now a given take great
You got it.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share power share responsibility share
Gwenevere Abriel: That's healthy. You get to see me as capable. Guess what I do I get to see you as capable to
Gwenevere Abriel: I am not more capable than you. I don't think that I happen to have learned some things right. My focus was elsewhere. That's it. I'm not better than you. You're not better than me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have no balance of power and responsibility in your relationships, you tend to be there overly responsible
Gwenevere Abriel: And controlling or passive independent
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you I love this list.
Nicole Bacon: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it lays it out so raw
Nicole Bacon: It says
Nicole Bacon: Oh, goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know fun. Oh, growing is so fun.
Nicole Bacon: Why didn't he says
Nicole Bacon: It would have been really helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I our parents grew up in the 50s and
60s.
Nicole Bacon: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Write something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, number four.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll get to a little bit with your roommate here. We'll move through this. We may not get all the way through. This is intense stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can reflect on it and journal about it to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know, number four, you know, in the problem is yours. And when it belongs to someone else. Okay, so this is one you'll hear me, a lot of times you'll hear that phrase. This is a you problem or a me problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your internal thought you never want someone to hear that because I get pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like a huge problem. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it
Gwenevere Abriel: So, number four is over on the right, though. However, you really know is this something that I take the lion's share of responsibility for or is this really someone else's stuff and responsibility and I'm just gonna let them work. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Number four, I get the unhealthy version of that is you take on others problems as your own.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes. That was a piece that yesterday thing with that woman walking up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That says this is why when you really know who you are. That's where this is so key this identity piece.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get there through. Notice how all my examples where I feel I want I need it's developing rehearsal at what's going on with me, who am I in this environment. If this person who am I, oh, I know how I feel. I know what I know. I feel mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why the eyes. I'm not going to turn you into some selfish narcissist. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: This is just no no no i i love the I Am stuff.
Nicole Bacon: Like I yeah I yes because it's really irking when
Nicole Bacon: People try to start to say, we, we, and you're like what we what
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yes, that's a slick one
Gwenevere Abriel: I am glad you catch it little tricks to with a lot of that kind of communication people pulling into their story right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, at least I'm catching them, you know, even if I don't know what to do at least I'm being like, oh, oh.
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So number. So, this one, this is right. That's that lady coming up to you and trusting you with her precious information. Way too soon she tested the waters that she has very poor boundaries. So when someone shares personal information gradually
Gwenevere Abriel: In a mutually goes back up to here. Look, mutually
Nicole Bacon: Mm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, yeah. Gradually in a mutually sharing trusting relationship, we do not meet someone you know at some, you know, on the street corner somewhere and you spill your guts.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to be judicious with it and careful because
Gwenevere Abriel: What we have our vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: When we hold it out there all our vulnerable stuff beliefs. When we trust someone is subject to someone else hurting it like right that's what trust is I'm going to put out all my squishy underbelly stuff I
Nicole Bacon: Might
Not be
Gwenevere Abriel: Trustworthy
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, no, definitely not.
Nicole Bacon: And that's why
Nicole Bacon: I did meet the potential roommate. And that right there. Sharing too much.
Nicole Bacon: Gary did that and it's kind of freaking me out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you caught one he caught it than you. Okay, I'm gonna all I'm going to do is read them really quick over there. Right. And then you're going to tell me, she did this, she did this, she did this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, because now we'll dive into your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your situation with navigating what to do. So she already over shared. Um, let's see purse information. So you have she may have had a high tolerance for abuse don't know I'm being treated with disrespect. That was you in there clearly right putting up with crop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your wants, needs and feelings are secondary to others and are sometimes determined by others.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: You ignore your inner voice so
Nicole Bacon: Huh, and allow
Gwenevere Abriel: And other others expectation to define your potential
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, good grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's look at that time Sutton's. It's like your whole life right in front of you.
Nicole Bacon: Because everyone else knows bass.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, we don't. You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not you, do we just got to get you in tune with it and remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that. Yeah, this one's kind of whack. And you know why the 10. Let me see if something I did something weird with my numbers.
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, I see that
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel responsible for others, happiness and fulfillment and sometimes rely on your relationships to create that for you.
Nicole Bacon: I yea yea I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you tend to absorb the feelings of others, you guys to cause yourself and pass and
Nicole Bacon: Says I must fun
Nicole Bacon: Little spanking. Yeah, I know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you gotta be a discriminating sponge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sponge maybe drop doubles punch metaphor all together.
Nicole Bacon: To come up with. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you rely on maybe a screen or something. So you rely on others opinions feelings and ideas more than you do your own
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see, I gotta work out these numbers.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You allow others to define your limits or you try to define the limits of others. So this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Similar to that controlling piece you compromise your values and beliefs in order to please others or avoid conflict. We've covered that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So yeah alright so what you saw in her was, what's this galson
Nicole Bacon: Kelsey
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so Kelsey is an over sharer did she also share some stories about
Gwenevere Abriel: her ability to reliably keep a job and therefore pay her part of the rent.
Nicole Bacon: That's one thing that was kind of weird because
Nicole Bacon: She actually said she's gonna quit her job.
Nicole Bacon: But then look for a new job but us rely on her fast cuz she's
Nicole Bacon: Taking class right now but it she's, she's seen a couple of
Nicole Bacon: Like conundrums know is a conundrum.
Nicole Bacon: Questions one thing, one thing and then sane insane. Another thing.
Nicole Bacon: The opposite. Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we recognize over share contradictory information.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you, how did your gut feel when she was over, sharing and telling her stories. How did, how did you, how was your body responding
Nicole Bacon: Um, I guess.
Nicole Bacon: I kind of just was on automatic pilot, honestly, because I kind of go into this zone where like almost like I'm working on a hair client and we're just talking about whatever and flowing
Nicole Bacon: It takes me until after where I can process and kind of think about things and how they make me feel and it made me feel a little bit like Barbie, a little bit.
Nicole Bacon: And a little bit like one roommate iris that I used to have in Portland, where her boundaries were just
Nicole Bacon: And she had a lot of issues with the guys and she told me all about it. And basically what Kelsey told me was like
Nicole Bacon: Like she's like, oops, I accidentally did this and there's no way that could have been a mistake like like I'm like, Are you sure and she's like, Yeah, I'm like, So lying already like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh ok ok misinforming yeah okay line. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I mean, you've picked up on on the over sharing contradictory information. She doesn't have accountability to her word what we
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it members, um, and she is showing herself to you and will you pay attention to it or not this is this is tricky. I know you need the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: But wouldn't it be therapeutic for you and I don't know what the answer is going to be, but therapeutic for you right really kind of good for your mom parents to see you using discretion using your newly learned skills, not just give everybody a chance. Not that one. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I got it, I got it, that's gotten you a lot of stuff. I understand. Get rid of it, it's sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's puts you in danger.
Nicole Bacon: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So what they are tuning in, is she, she's got that part honed in is this unconditional interesting curiosity about people, but she's not protective of her space. So if you paid attention to it. So let's just imagine in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was carrying on about these stories, right, once you do look down at your list of the things you want as a roommate.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your
Nicole Bacon: What's your, what is it,
Nicole Bacon: Respectful me mutual respect, healthy boundaries healthy communication having the house fill like sanctuary. I don't want it to be a party house there can't be alcohol in the house because of probation. I told her my situation.
Nicole Bacon: And
Nicole Bacon: Oh,
Nicole Bacon: You know when when doors are closed to respect that and she kept saying, Oh, we have an open door thing, but I'll keep my cat and my whatever and my room and my but you know I have a key that you could lock your room and just like you know I'm okay with the open door thing like
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I just, I guess it's just big red flags and I'm just pressure. My dad's like, Well, you're gonna have to make a decision like here really soon. And I think it'd be real dumb of me to just because I've been
Nicole Bacon: Holding Back sending her the least I feel like if I felt like, yeah, I would have sent them. The least you know I'm feeling like
Nicole Bacon: An
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're all right. So notice, would you agree, you're all you are just learning how to pay attention to the subtle cues. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So imagine that you're this lady. That's just learning how to pay attention to subtle cues and already. There's a no. So you're not even good at it. And even with that low grade effectiveness, you're already picking up on BS. Come on.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's go to, you need to make up your mind soon. I want to know what the deadline is from dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would be like, Dad, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm learning about boundaries right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: She over shared I'm worried she didn't even in the conversation respect the fact that I need closed doors. This is not to be played with. I can't have alcohol. I can't have drugs. She's minimizing when I'm talking to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She contradicted statements, she's talking about quitting her job. She's an unreliable. This is the honeymoon phase of a roommate and she we're already at like I want to break up with you like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you're supposed to be like fantastic and the perfect roommate.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. And it. Yeah, it was like, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, really energetic and then it was like, by the time she left. I was like, oh, like if
Gwenevere Abriel: If we're in an interview. I'm stable with a long term job I'm respectful. I'm listening to you more than I'm yak, yak.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's overly charming.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's overly it I my flag is way up.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But. So notice how you have competing needs you need money. She's not the right person. She is a train wreck that hopefully will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the
Gwenevere Abriel: Road somewhere else. But you get to let it pass
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Yes. Yes. And I'm gonna be
Nicole Bacon: I'm going to tell my dad that this is not a good idea. And I will
Nicole Bacon: Put it on poses and hopefully pick three people that I can do a interview with within the next week and final somebody by the first
Nicole Bacon: Week.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to go soon. But let me let me point out a couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are just learning what healthy boundaries are. So asking that someone would be difficult. Let's, let's just look at it from just the hardcore nuts and bolts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you coming in alone. I don't want people staying overnight. I want the rent on the day no later than three days you're going to pay a $50 additional payment. I need when the doors closed that you knock and you do not walk in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: at the latest, the dishes are put out of the out of the sink is maybe 10 o'clock at night. Please don't eat my food. You're more than welcome to put your food in there. I won't eat your she won't eat mind that's evidence of respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what you did not the same. You went respectful, which she surely thinks she's being respectful. She healthy boundaries. She's like boundaries batteries. We don't need to close doors baby and community.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at, look at me, communicating. I could write a book on communication listen to my words, I'm fantastic sanctuary. Oh my gosh, me my cat and you will will play. I will have so much fun.
Nicole Bacon: Wow.
Nicole Bacon: Do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need concise you when I say write your list what goes on Craigslist is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not you did a good one with the ALCOHOL, NO ALCOHOL, NO drugs. I need someone who's really who's got a job that they feel really confident they can be a reliable person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking for stability, I'm looking for someone who could maybe commit for even a year, year and a half on if this is not for you. This is just a
Gwenevere Abriel: You're moving from couch surfing. Right. That's not what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right difference between my list and yours.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Nicole Bacon: It. Yeah, stable, I need stable. Stable
Gwenevere Abriel: Play with our list again. Listen to what I did with my list.
Nicole Bacon: And yeah, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the stuff that can go in, in an ad, because then a person will go, oh, she's not plan why I'm going to pass on that one. But you do this stuff I'm respectful good healthy boundaries sanctuary. I want to sanctuary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sanctuary, to me, not the same as it is to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I write, I need lights out no later than 11pm
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what sanctuary is for me i don't i don't leave any I don't leave any gray area. I'm like, I need it friggin quiet. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: must sleep girl. And so for me it's I don't want anybody working out after 8pm because I'm going to sleep.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to name the behavior. I don't leave any room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey look like
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go, you write your list of what you want. That's part of this. I feel I want I need right that's the
Gwenevere Abriel: I I deserve to sit here and really hone in on things that I can measure so that if I ever have to kick someone out, I can say, gotta go girl.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and be precise, more precise.
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's how you do it. And then I'm going to go
Gwenevere Abriel: For being precise when
Gwenevere Abriel: You can measure it. You can't measure sanctuary. If you can't measure. I'm sorry, but you can't you can measure
Gwenevere Abriel: Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can measure my food in there and got no bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Use my cat food. Knock it off.
You can never
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you tomorrow.
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Thanks again.
Nicole Bacon: Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Adam: Hi, I am I doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Where am I finding you.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so let's see what I never know when I'm going to meet with you. What kind of a week. You've had hasn't been a roller coaster.
Adam: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy.
Adam: Is I guess is kind of getting better. And I'm like, getting situated with my
Adam: With the kids. I guess it is getting better. I'm what I today i didn't i i
Adam: I forgot I scheduled. The thing for My little son to get into like the daycare preschool type thing. I just start school next year and he hasn't been in anything.
Adam: So I just wanted to get them in like an environment with other kids for the summer and stuff. And I made that for two o'clock, so I'm gonna have to be. I called her and I said, I'm going to probably be a little bit late because I had to do this.
Adam: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Also something about, I need to you, scheduled optometrist appointment right in the session. And we're going to call about had not passport but social security number birth certificate, those kinds of ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did that was
Adam: Realize, whoa.
Adam: My mom talk to my mother, my kids and she she would just
Adam: Give me them. Oh, good. When
Gwenevere Abriel: when when when force change their mind.
Adam: Me so
Adam: My mom. My mom picks up my kid, my older son from school today at three and
Adam: She is going to go stop by there because the school is like right across the street from where she stays
Adam: So he's going to go over there and pick them up.
Adam: I hope it goes well I do yeah mom was the one that talked to her about it, Phil. And she said, because she my mom said that we needed the social, my mom just asked for the social because I needed it to get because I was trying to get my older son into like the red thing for the summer.
Adam: I needed his social and then, ma'am. So my mom just asked her, and then she was like, I'll just give you their socials so my Mommy's gonna go and hopefully she just give them to
Gwenevere Abriel: make some copies of the stuff you get. Oh.
Adam: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep one with your mom keep one somewhere else. You know that stuff. It can disappear for not holding on tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the end and that now. How are you feeling emotionally about having, having these kids with you. What's that been like for you.
Adam: It's I like in there. My older son because an email listen we're as close as my little one. He was because I said he was more. I was a mama's boy.
Adam: He's were getting closer bond. Now, and he's, he when he was saying, Man, he wouldn't like he would like go stay at night or two with me without my mom is but he would want to come back home right away.
Adam: And now he's liking it. More over, he's he's like unit there. He's like, so I have my routine with him and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you feeling happy having them around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Oh, good, good, good, good. What about let me hear about sleep. How much sleep. Are you again because you said you got sick, which is confusing out because I did say, are you okay and you said on phone and then asked around
You know,
Adam: What I don't know my
Adam: Mother and my kids. She took my kids like for a night to have her mom's house, and then they came back all sick and then they got me and my mom sick and then
Adam: I thought I don't know I just in the morning. I guess I thought I was buying the in the morning. It's even worse. I didn't know and I was just
Adam: It just got real sick and then can, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you a question about that, but feel free to say, hey, I'm my stomach's really upset. I might have to dip out of
Gwenevere Abriel: Run out to the restroom. Can I answer my questions. First, remember that because I don't know if remember the the subtle things with with people because there's a lot to manage when there's a group of people. It's hard for me to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: And I couldn't you can be assertive and speak up. Absolutely. So let's talk about that list for a second because you had yeses on all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, really. You can really say yes to all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or were you thinking it
Adam: Is their way to pop that up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but first have the courage to say I prayed up and row. Yes. I didn't really mean it.
Yeah.
Adam: It did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Play. I don't play me. I've been working with y'all for a long time. Okay, so, um, let's go here and look at them and that's why I wrote, I was like, for real right now. I mean, I get it. In the past, maybe, but I don't. I don't think you're doing these things all the time.
Not now.
Adam: Few I thought it was kind of in the past. I didn't know. I thought, that's it. You said it when
Gwenevere Abriel: Now not currently
Gwenevere Abriel: Currently, yeah.
Adam: Okay. So currently,
Adam: Number one, I would say, No, I don't really play a big now. I used to a lot
Adam: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what a martyr is
Adam: Whoa. What was that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, a martyr would be someone that just let's say you did everything for everyone. And you were super helpful and super generous and and then someone got mad at you and you said how could you say that to me look at everything I do for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a very powerful position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes parents can take this
Gwenevere Abriel: An enabling sister or onto your cousin, like they can they make it seem like just because they're generous or kind they're infallible like they don't make any mistakes which is ridiculous. Even generous people make mistakes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but they use that as a power thing so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, moving on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about this one you have, are you still doing this act helpless to get someone to do some for you. Come on up.
Adam: Yeah, I guess so.
Adam: I would say yeah for that I'm some something
Adam: And then. Yeah. And then number four too loud. I guess I would say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. All right. And same thing acting compact. Same kind of thing. No, actually, we should
Gwenevere Abriel: act angry. Have you ever done that where you puffed up real big even, you know, to get someone to do something used anger to manipulate someone you're done that.
Adam: Um,
Adam: I wouldn't say recently know like when I would get money or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that would have been back then but not anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So temper tantrum, you know, kind of start throwing things around making a bigger deal out of it than it needs to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: All this, this one. What about this one. Oh yeah, whatever you want. No problem.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see this a lot in the therapeutic relationship. People will play Kate me they'll say, Yeah, sure, sure, sure. But, you know, you guys don't mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not really going to show for the appointment, not really going to do the homework, you're not really going to do that. Learn skill you're just shutting me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is very
Common one right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same thing I complain when you don't want to lie about how you feel.
Adam: Yeah. Pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you could be scared, but you might be like, Oh, fine.
Yeah.
Act lost
Confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this one, you heard me talk about this one, remember I went into more depth about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ever acted suicidal to get someone to not leave you
Adam: I have in the past.
Adam: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Activity hopeless and pathetic. That's kind of the same 12 1314 kind of all cluster together confuse that's kind of up here with play stupid tell stories. You can change someone's focused by carrying on and on and on with a story.
Adam: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so really what I wanted to do. We don't have to go too far into this. It was really to say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know was what you had sent more of a hurry up and get it done kind of thing are we really saying you're still doing all of these things because it wouldn't surprise me if you were typically people
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back online to their belief about what is moral for me and my family, what's the right thing for me and my family and they don't end up doing some of those things anymore, once they're in a recovery program or mindset anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so I didn't think they were all yeses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not currently. Okay, so let me hear about that job of yours. Are you working. What's your boss, like what's the environment like
Adam: Um, yeah. Well, right now I'm only working. I'm only doing inventory for them.
Adam: But I'm hoping to get into. He said that he needs somebody for for their trucks like for the stock will to unload the truck. Not really stocking. I guess just to allow the tracks to this kind of a big place.
Adam: And they said they get like a like a three to four day truck or something like it takes three to four days to unload the truck. The trucks or something.
Adam: But I only work though they only been working like two weeks or this was my third week and it's just, it's only Tuesday and Wednesday and it's up from
Adam: It was from
Adam: Four to 10 four to 10 and it's just doing inventory this with the scanner. You just go in pretty much as it's a lot of people to that very and you just
Adam: Scan the whole store to do their inventory scanning each and every single item and the boss was cool. He's cool. But right now I was supposed to get paid on Wednesday, but they messed something up with my pay card.
Adam: So right now I'm trying to get fixed.
Adam: A couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work out over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about what about your Tim Templeton optical you had a one appointment of 1pm appointment. I don't know what day though is that next week. This week, when is that 1pm appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh goody goody.
Gwenevere Abriel: 228 okay so guess what, get those eyes checked.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and we get glasses and then you can start to take steps towards getting that driver's license.
Adam: Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you think of other obstacles that might get in the way of getting that driver's license.
Adam: Um, no. The only thing was the glasses because my mom said to the if I don't have the money. She'll help me with it because it's like 25 verse $25 I think what
Adam: I get paid. I was supposed to get paid Wednesday, but I'm probably not going to get paid till tomorrow. So, and tomorrow. I could well I don't think I'll get my glasses tomorrow, but
Adam: It'll be a while, whenever I do like I just need to go to the VD in I could get it right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uniform. I like it. Alright, so, then there is I
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go back to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I know that when it was calmer, if it ever was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but we don't want to forget about you, about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, long term vision of what you want for your life. Okay.
Adam: Yeah, I'm not gonna right now though. Just gonna be hard because I now that I have the boys and stuff. I really need a dog and going to school.
Adam: Is I still want to do it, but it's just going to have to wait a little bit longer until like it really situated like out of my mother's house. And right now, you have the this is the time where
Adam: They're like actually helping me like, like I said, with the car situation. And then my mom said they could probably even help with getting me an apartment or something right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about the car. Did you are they finding a car for you. Do you have it.
Adam: Um, well, that's, that's what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Driver's licenses for
Adam: That's the whole thing is that they just, they said, Get the driver's license and then talk to them. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's put a pin, but I want still to know when to bring the topic up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how about we do this. How about I bring this topic up in three months, and we'll just see if you're feeling more settled in. Then how does that sound.
Adam: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, if not, I mean, then you just say no federal I mean I'm good to know because
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be in a new place you'll still be with you know Mark like all know
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I know it's a goal. So that's may may 28 I will ask them. Okay. Well, I'm fine. Moving on the next one. And this whole idea of working with animals. I'm assuming that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of wanted to
Adam: Put a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pin in that one to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of wait on that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your focus is getting stable and I understand that the 227 focuses on getting
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got your, you should really
Gwenevere Abriel: Take pride in what you're doing, Adam. This is not this one unstable domain you basically have everything walks and you're still keeping it together.
Adam: Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did you have any slips recently.
Adam: No, no, this one time I went like I told you, and I went back with my baby's mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but
Adam: It wasn't with heroin. It was with math and
Adam: I just couldn't do that. I don't like that. Yeah. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, um, I hope you hear the compliment Adam, because even one of these disruptions child could really throw off the I'm being triggered. I don't care. I'm not. I can't deal with this on life's terms. I'm going to use
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're you've got unstable residence transportation some challenges with with your family, but your kids see wifey. I mean, and that's only meaning if you didn't have my glasses didn't my driver's license, you have
Adam: A lot. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: To give yourself credit for how hard you're working seriously.
Adam: Yeah, and it's just that I think it's just too. I was
Adam: I'VE BEEN ON THE LEAD FOR SO LONG SINCE I WAS 19 and it's just taking Suboxone is I just, I love waking, the thing I love most about it is just waking up every morning without
Adam: Having to be sick or
Adam: Or anything like that. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really quite an amazing substance for people work in a program really I'm glad that's available to you. Definitely.
See what else we got in here.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so right now I'm just going to make a note how many milligrams. So you taking a day. Is it 18 or something. I forget it.
Adam: Too. It's, um, yeah.
Adam: It's um yeah to Suboxone so that's eight
Adam: To 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Oh, that's easy. Now you don't have to do any of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Slicing other piece there.
Adam: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: 1860 milligrams. Great. Fantastic. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Now, what is it like it's been we've had kind of a roller coaster here. But when you're in group. Are you noticing, it's still really difficult to talk, is it starting to get easier. What's it like for you in there.
Adam: I just can never get it.
Adam: I didn't know it. I guess it's a little it. I don't know. I like is it is just when I if I know sometimes it's just that I don't understand.
Adam: Like some of the things and then that's what tarde went to like talk about because like I don't really understand and like everybody else like understands it and
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you heard, but some people asked this, even in this list right there are some words in here that I don't even use very often like a
Let me show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What just happened.
Look,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see like this word.
Gwenevere Abriel: I explain it to people because a lot of people don't use that word right martyr, and most people don't know that one. So you'll hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or hyperbole, people don't know that word, and I can explain it to you or ridicule. So that's why I say synonyms, which means same as and I'll say criticism or look at this one solicitous
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Uh huh. Or ingratiate. These are super big words. Most people don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know, I don't know if you can hear the other people are saying, what does that mean, because in my groups, maybe it wasn't the one you were in that day. People are asking, what does that. What does that mean,
Adam: Well, and
Gwenevere Abriel: For whatever reason, you're feeling sort of insecure around it. You don't need to because you're not alone. Um, people don't know what those things mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right this is your treatment program to say, I don't, I don't know what that word means. What does that word mean when or could you give me an example of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Adam: Can you give me an
Gwenevere Abriel: Example of that. And then I can, I can go into it. Yeah, what you're getting out of it is just as important as someone who's already familiar with, with those words.
Adam: Right yeah that's that's going thinking group that really
Adam: But every out and I'm yeah I like it's just that is just like when I understand it, and I could answer it then. And then it's no problem, but like when. Yeah, I just don't understand something, and then like something that other people go first, and it's
Adam: All good and and then I still don't. I didn't know this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What, what do you believe about yourself when you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Right or wrong, right. You think people already understand something, and it may not just be happening in group and might be, let's say you're at a train and it looks like everybody already knows what to do, but I don't understand something.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what do you believe about yourself at that moment.
Adam: I guess that
Adam: I didn't know that I could understand that, too. I just think I need a little bit more help than other people because that's how I was in school too late.
Adam: But I was just always shy to, like, I wouldn't even want to ask the teacher something but like
Adam: It would seem like when I'm in school, everybody like
Adam: Me to go do the work and stuff. I worked on.
Adam: Everybody would seem like if I didn't understand it seemed like everybody was writing in I wasn't like I was the only one not writing, but I would
Adam: Eventually understand it and
Adam: I know I could
Adam: That I'm a fast learner. I guess I just need to
Adam: Ask questions more
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. And people
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go back a little further, let's that's the dude. The solution is I need to ask more questions, but go into if you are someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Who asked questions, listen closely to this, don't answer right away, really think about it, if you were someone who asked more questions like another guy like, well, if I was out them in an ultra universe, and I could ask any question I wanted, I could just get clear if I was confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would add them in another universe believe about himself.
Adam: I'm
Adam: Late so Jesus. So can you say that again over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I told you this is the this is one of these sort of therapeutic questions. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried it. I tried to ask you in real time and you ended up kind of changing subjects, a little bit. So I'm gonna come out at a different angle. Just picture that there's another you
Gwenevere Abriel: Who was in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you saw me look just like you.
Gwenevere Abriel: taught me how to use the bathroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he said, hey, Quinn Quinn grand, can I can I can I go like first or second I'm noticing my stomach starting to get all like Topsy Turvy I might need to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quickly. Can I answer mine. And before I do. I've got a couple questions about some of those words. Now once you to tell me if I'm that that Adam
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think my belief about myself is
Adam: That I'm
Adam: Still trying to
Adam: That I'm still trying to get what I need done even though
Adam: I'm
Adam: I'm sick at the time, something that I still want to complete it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting really close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can do the I am really make that statement, nice and short. Just a few more words really tight. I am. What's the belief
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Adam: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hey, you've got someone feeding you, your lines.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is, I've never heard anybody have that happen, man. Sister article
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your mom.
Adam: Yeah, that's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, this doesn't need to come from me, these are these are hard to get to. So, so just imagine that
Adam: Pictures.
Gwenevere Abriel: One in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you've seen. Oh, I know I got it picture. You remember when you were in a group and you saw other people
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's their self esteem. Like, what's their self confidence like compared to yours.
Adam: More than I do. They're just more
Adam: Have more self confidence. I didn't know i i never, I didn't. I never really had self confidence in myself by
Adam: Everybody else though ladies everywhere in the day, it just seems like
Adam: Everyone has a morning so
Gwenevere Abriel: See, that's what we're getting out. That's the point. It's, it's a learned skill, though. Just so you know, right over time what has happened is maybe when you were younger, you were a curious about something and you wanted to explore
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe in school right there was something you didn't know, and your environment didn't encourage you to just be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes you had the answer. Sometimes you didn't, it wasn't reinforced maybe the way you needed it to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I see my part of my job is to tell you the same way I was praising member I was saying. You're doing a great job because you're working
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're having to keep your head together under a lot of pressure right now, I want to make sure you're hearing compliments on how hard you're working and that indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are good enough. You are strong enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: To handle what comes your way, including risking publicly
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone saying, well, how do you not know that word, and it is scary because we don't know if someone's going to criticize us. We don't know if they'll make us
Adam: Think that's what it what the market is like in
Adam: In school lot like yeah I think it just started from school like that's what it was. And I just never read since school. I never
Adam: Like to ask questions because it seemed like everybody else knew it. And, but, I mean, and if I were to ask the question everybody would just dumb or something. So I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, we don't know what they were thinking, what did they actually do. What did you hear with your ears or see what's your eyes, but to the kids actually do
Adam: Nothing though that's the thing they never they never really made fun of me or nothing like that. But it was just, I guess I would
Adam: Think of what they're thinking in their head. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were doing the mind reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, there's a lot of freedom when you let go of that and you actually check your own assumptions. I'm a professional right and and i don't even mind read
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm actually I could be pretty good at it. If I wanted to, but it's not it's not a polite thing to do, right, this is my mind. I'll tell you what's on it, get out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what you do is you pay attention to that and try to remember when you're going into group I have every right just like everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not be confused. I want to understand so that I can heal so that I can grow so that I can benefit from this program to
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you have the same light. You could ask, I, you know what, I know you gave that example I still don't get it, and we would laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we would say, oh, I know this is such a hard word we don't use it very often and such a weird one. Let's use a different word, and we would get there. You can even a third time, it's okay because you understanding is the most important thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I get it, but that you do.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that confidence that's there that's been there for quite some time. Everybody seems to have been ahead of you, you can remember it, since you were younger, they seem more confident
Adam: Well, you know,
Adam: And even with it. What I remember doing is like
Adam: If I had like a friend that was next to me and like we had to, I guess it was mostly like reading aloud, because I didn't know like
Adam: If I didn't know a word like because then, again, it seemed like everybody knew, like when they would have to seem like they knew all the words. So what I would do, I would go ahead of everybody to see what part. I was going to read, I would read it if I didn't
Adam: I wouldn't ask somebody that I knew next to me like a, what's this word. So when it was time for me to read it would seem like I knew what I was reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that was a good solution and then you know the word, but the next level is to be able to tolerate publicly, not knowing something
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, at that develops the confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The way you do it. It's still feed.
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something shameful. There's something wrong or bad about you. There's, there's nothing you get you get to say I am run across that word because you want to know why you're in your life, you may not have run across some of these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I've run across them because I literally went to school got a master's degree in all these fancy words.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: The next professional someone who is a certified public accountant or someone who's an attorney when I open their books. I'm like, Are you effing kidding me. I don't know what these or the or the medical terms that neuro what from from Dr. Aubrey. All right. I'm like,
Adam: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't feel stupid. I never learned this stuff. What I'm gonna feel stupid. I don't know. I don't know what those are.
Gwenevere Abriel: I pronounce it out right
Gwenevere Abriel: So the key is, is how the meaning that we make in a situation when we're feeling uncertain when we don't know something that's the moment
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can capitalize on your confidence. Wait a minute, how would I treat my child right if if he didn't know something. What would I say to who you're so stupid. How could you not know that. No, you'd say, well, let's pronounce it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would encourage it. And you've got to kind of have that inside of your heart and in your mind to to have that gentle approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not risking looking like a fool. It does elevate it does. It's the weirdest thing you think, oh, I need to be confident. First, they'll risk looking like a fool.
Gwenevere Abriel: work that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a stick our neck out there. You gotta go for it right you dive in and you see in real time on turns out I'm just as good as anybody else.
Adam: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is risky and I know. So let's continue seeing you in group do your best to do a look. Check in a little early so that you have time, you're getting the whole session.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet. Do you know what your schedule is for next week.
Adam: Um, I think it is Tuesday, and it's going to be Tuesday, Thursday, like then but Tuesday I could do group because I don't go in till till four in the afternoon. So if we could keep it for Thursday.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, that's fine. Right now, that's fine. At one o'clock on March 5
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now is there medication bridged to today. Should I messaged the doc.
Adam: Yeah, she only gave me some for two days. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just say, whoops, you're going to be there on Tuesday, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get there. Let's, let's talk about maybe making your prescription weekly but but here's the commitment, Adam. You've got to show up to the individual therapy to
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you know what happens. Right. Oh, I've already got my medicine. Why, man, to show up and see therapist, then it's going to go back to being bridged so
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't lose the motivation. You may not have fallen in love with therapy yet because we're still sort of doing really sort of superficial things we're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: You know job and license. We haven't really gotten into to the psychotherapy part, but we will. Okay, so once your life gets more settled.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to really encourage you to set that phone down. We're going to be looking I and we'll do more intensive work together. But for now, let's let's get your life settled.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me send a message. Well, we're in here together and go, so at
Gwenevere Abriel: March third three three.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have Clonidine or anything else that the support medicine. Do you have a need anything.
Adam: Besides the sponsor. No, I got some of that still
Adam: Actually kind of helps
Adam: Left here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's everybody says it helps with the sweating. The runny nose part. What does it help you with
Adam: Yeah, it's that both of those, and just
Adam: Just SLEEPING WELL BECAUSE SHE GAVE ME, SHE GAVE ME, I'M THE Seroquel to
Adam: Oh, and I don't, I don't, that kind of knocks me out too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't take as much out of what she would tell you and talk with her about it. This is why well because it's a very heavy duty medicine that that's hardcore stuff so
Adam: If you take
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite a bit less. Um, you might benefit from it. And you know what the neat thing is if you have any depression, sometimes even though you're taking it for sleep. It can help with any kind of low grade depression that's going on to that's kind of nice.
Adam: Yeah, yeah. And yeah I I do take this drug. It just, I guess I only take 25 milligrams, I think, and
It's really
Adam: And it's just when I
Adam: Guess it's just when I wake up in the morning. I still feel kind of geography and then like when I know when some days when I don't take it. I don't wait go jobs you and I just take the clutter dinner at every
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can avoid the circle. I don't blame you. Because that's heavy duty stuff.
Adam: Yeah yeah yeah I just really think you have on nights like guy that I'm having trouble going to sleep or something, then I'll just take you and yeah but I usually just take the commodity. Good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right out of my sent the message. I will see you Tuesday morning. Be good to you. Okay.
Adam: One.